Responsibilities

Create (But not send) Newsletter on 10th of every month or the next working day, if 10th is a holiday. 

Be on top of all the threads in #help-ai-squad on Slack

Be part of daily ops standup as a product owner

Help prioritise tickets on ops board

When you are acting as a ops but are on leave, make sure to add next in-line ops to the ops standup and give him or her a TL;DR (if needed) of what needs to be done on that day. For eg.

Respond to a customer query

Respond to support ticket

Drive forward an internal discussion, etc.

All the product backlog items needs to be moved in the right EPIC on Jira.

Update AI FAQ page with newer queries from #help-ai-squad channel

Own the product catch up call for the month

Ops is not supposed to be responsible for solving everything that comes to product on that day. Ops is just a smart router where he or she needs to resolve things themselves as much as possible but be completely okay to route things to the right product owner in the squad, if needed.

Ops Rotation

Ops will be rotated every month on 1st working day of the month in this order

Add the next person on the daily ops standup call on the last day of the month. If anyone fails to do so, he or she will continue being ops unless updated.

Last Updated on  





Escalate to the following folks if answer can't be found or unsatisified response given by the questioner. Check existing month, year and then tag those folks based on correct month and yeaar

Nov 2024

@Shashank Jain



Dec 2024

@Swetha A



Jan 2025

 @Arjun K



Feb 2025

@Sharique Ahmad 



March 2025

@Deepshikha Pokale 



April 2025

@Nupur Sanjiv Agrawal



May 2025

@Swetha A



Jun 2025

@Tushar Sanap 



Jul 2025

@Amit Bathija 



August 2025

 @Madhura Potnis



Sept 2025

 @Mitali Mehta



Oct 2025

@Bharti Sharma 



Nov 2025

@Aditya Biswas 



Dec 2025

@Arjun Narayanan 



Jan 2026

@Pushkar Kumar 



Feb 2026

@Mayank Gaur 



Mar 2026

 @Arjun K



Apr 2026

@Sharique Ahmad 



Ideally, on an average day, ops activities should not take more than 20 minutes.

Adding a new joinee in the list

If someone joins the team in month M, then he or she will be acting as ops in M+2 & rest of the list will shift accordingly. This will give that person enough opportunities to learn about the different initiatives in the org and also cross collaborate.

Important Links

Epic Categorisation

Ops Board

Health Report Emails

Doing Greater Good

As we push towards becoming the best Product team in BrowserStack - Ops is supposed to solve atleast one end-to-end “real“ problem during his/her time as Ops. 

These problems could range from solving for something that eats up lots of our time on regular basis to something that will help us become more productive or knowledgable as a team.

Onwards & Upwards  

Month

Ops

What problem did you solve for once & all?













List of “Real“ problems to be solved

This list serves as a repository of problems that, if solved, will help us become a better team—one step each month.

Problem Statement

Added By















